Sell it to me.
What?
Han Sunho, you.
I'll buy you.
What on earth do you mean?
I mean I'll buy the rights of you,
Mr. Han.
Mr. Han's rights?
From tomorrow
you can start working at 'It's You'.
I'll be going now.
Hey!
Make sure to check the contract.
See you at the office.
LOVE PHOBIA
During the project period,
all rights of Han Agency and
the image rights of writer Han Sunho
will belong to 'It's You',
and this
includes all employees affiliated
with Han Agency.
What do they plan to do
with our portrait rights?
They must have some scheme.
The project details aren't mentioned,
but the contract terms are too good.
At a great price!
We are all being sold.
Manager!
They intend to actively use Sunwoo's
popularity and recognition.
They'll restore the company's image
ruined by Park Jungwon
and win back female customers.
That's why Director Yun said that.
"I'll buy you."
Knock it off.
This can't go on.
You think so too, right?
We should make the most of
this great opportunity.
- Han Baekho!
- Manager!
There's no other way.
The company is already being taken over.
Who decided that?
- No way!
- Mr. Han!
How dare you think a piece of paper
can threaten us like this!
- No way!
- Mr. Han, calm down!
Let go!
Threats work.
Why are you so sure?
If Han Sunho doesn't come over easily,
they'll just wipe out that agency.
Then Han Sunho won't have
a choice but to come over.
You're feeling hungry, right?
Sort of.
Wait, increased appetite?
That's a sign
of Yun Bia's rising battle spirit.
I'll buy you.
What?
What? Why are you laughing?
You find it funny, don't you?
No, I wasn't laughing.
No, you were just laughing.
No, I think you saw wrong.
No, I definitely saw you laughing.
No, I wasn't laughing, and it's not funny.
No, I clearly saw your lips curl up.
No, my lips went down.
No, you were definitely smiling.
I just found the food delicious.
You said you weren't laughing.
I misspoke.
Yes, this is writer Han Sunho.
I was wondering if we could
discuss the new work.
If I sign a contract for the new work,
how much advance can I get?
That's all I can get as an advance?
Thank you.
I'll contact you again later.
Jiyoung.
You're not going home yet?
I'm just tidying up here.
I'm back.
Why did you buy so much?
I splurged a bit.
From tomorrow, we're a subsidiary
of a proper IT company.
What?
Subsidiary?
Jiyoung, you've
worked hard today.
You can leave first.
Ms. Jiyoung.
Let's have a drink.
Shall we?
It's been a while since we spent
some cozy time together.
Thanks for taking me home.
Sorry you couldn't drink because of me.
This way, I feel at ease.
But
that's it, right?
What is?
I mean...
Are you thinking about something else?
Something else?
Han Sunho is handsome,
like a prince in shining armor.
A prince, really...
Let's just say a lottery ticket
in shining armor.
See, see!
I just said he's handsome,
and you got it right away.
You think so too, right?
Hey, don't be jealous over
something silly.
I don't have much time left.
I'm leaving.
Hey, answer before you go!
Why aren't you answering?
Hey, Yun Bia!
Were you waiting for a knight
in shining armor, huh?
See you tomorrow.
Take care.
Answer before you leave, okay?
Hey!
Shall we start wrapping up?
Oh.
Sure.
Mr. Han.
Yes.
You don't have to sign the contract.
You've both worked hard enough already.
And I'm satisfied with this much.
Coming here,
you let me write in peace,
and with the salary,
I didn't have to worry about my husband.
To Dain,
I could proudly say I'm a writer.
Even if all I have are
drafts to show for now...
Thank you, truly.
What do you mean by that?
You have to keep writing.
You too,
keep
writing.
Right!
You have to write, Sunho.
Ah, my bad.
I was really upset
that you couldn't write.
Well, you know...
Were you focused on something else?
Were you waiting for a knight
in shining armor, huh?
Did you drink a lot?
Just a little.
Mom,
I think I'm going to
work with that person.
That person?
Han Sunho?
Yeah.
That's great.
We'll see if it's great or not.
Why? Are you worried about something?
Well...
I still don't know what kind
of person Han Sunho is.
If you're going to work with someone,
you should know them well.
Let's see.
A young writer who appeared
like a comet in the literary world.
Debut novel became a bestseller
for 10 consecutive weeks.
Was it luck or skill?
Han Sunho's second and third novels didn't
get as much attention as his looks.
Is he a writer or an influencer?
Despite active
external activities,
there's no news of new
work for three years.
Get a grip.
Was the debut just luck?
Who's saying something about Sunho?
Who's bothering him?
Hey, you're the one bothering him.
Take off your shoes!
Not eating all day, not sleeping,
and still not collapsing,
what am I supposed to do?
I was so upset.
Why are you acting like this suddenly?
I wanted to show everyone somehow.
You, Sunho is amazing.
Look how great Sunho is.
Don't cry.
Others might not know.
How amazing you are,
your face.
Hey!
Hey, come on, just sleep.
After mom left,
I decided to run away.
Are you going to stay
in your room all day?
How long are you going to
stare at your laptop?
Writing won't bring mom back to life!
Come out for a bit.
Come out!
Just leave me alone.
Alright, Han Sunho.
I don't really have anything I want to do,
and I'm not cut out for studying anyway.
I'll do the part-time job alone for now,
so keep writing.
But
you have to succeed and take care of me.
Hold on.
Are you ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
Hey.
Look at this.
Huh?
- It's done!
It's done!
Wow.
What are you doing, Han Baekho?
Get it together!
Oh, that's right.
We shouldn't be swayed by capitalism.
Alright.
Let's find out
what these people are up to.
Yeah!
Right!
What about the Mr. Han?
I don't know where he is.
When I woke up this morning,
Han Sunho was out and not home.
What?
Let's head to the office first.
- Yeah.
We've prepared the official press release
announcing Han Sunho as the new model.
All the press releases are ready.
Great.
Please hold off on
distributing the press release.
Perhaps...
Should we correct the dating article now?
Leave the dating article as it is.
There's a rumor about the Director of
a dating AI company dating a human.
The fact that it's
with Han Sunho is also a factor...
That's good.
But the negative public opinion is
stronger than expected.
Don't worry about public opinion.
What's more important is
keeping people's attention.
That will boost our marketing efforts.
We need to be cautious about Han Agency.
If they find out before the announcement,
it will definitely disrupt the project.
Is it okay to proceed
without notifying them in advance?
I checked with the legal team.
There's no issue contractually or legally.
Sunho won't like it for sure.
Our goal is
to gather information about Mr. Han
without getting caught.
Please be careful with what you say.
- Yes!
Yes...
I'm no longer qualified to be
a fan of Mr. Han.
Cheer up, Yukyung.
Yeah, it's not like
it's a real dating rumor.
I have to hide something
Sunho wouldn't like from him!
Me, Shin Yukyung.
Work or love?
That is the question.
Ouch!
Hey!
Are you okay?
I'm not...
okay.
Who are you?
You're here?
These are the people
from Han Agency
who will be working
with us starting today.
I'm Han Baekho.
I'm writer Song Jiyoung.
Han Baekho?
I'm Kim Kyungtae.
Hello.
I'm Kang San.
You know...
Do you know how to say
'You're handsome' in English?
What?
You are my boyfriend.
A new target appears.
It seems like you'll be lively
for a while, Yukyung.
But where is Mr. Han?
Well... Mr. Han said he'd be here soon.
Mr. Han just arrived at the office.
He went straight to the Director's office.
What?
Sunho is already here?
So you finally came.
Why are you...
dressed like that?
Someone without any sense
started a dating rumor.
Anyway,
where's the contract?
Let me know if you need anything.
If you want, we'll support you
to keep writing books.
Oh, books?
We'll also work hard to
get them published.
Wow.
Yukyung?
It seems like there's a reason, right?
I think so.
It's very suspicious.
Yeah.
Now, you're an employee of 'It's You'.
With this, you can access anywhere
in the company.
Except the Director's office.
There must have been
a significant change of heart.
First, let's take down
that ridiculous dating article.
The article...
will soon be taken down on its own.
Again!
Again?
Our people.
People?
Manager Han Baekho and Writer Jiyoung.
Ah...
The employees.
They are capable people.
Please treat them well
during the contract period.
Even after the contract ends,
they might want to stay here.
Is that okay?
Let's go for now.
Where are we going?
Outside?
At least tell me what we're doing.
I can't do something
so one-sided and forceful.
Until you tell me,
I won't take a single step.
Sure.
So, should we assume
that the agency is transferring to us?
Sunho.
Can we talk for a moment?
Hey, Yun Bia, are you crazy?
Why?
You let Han Sunho in that room?
What did you two talk about, huh?
What if you collapse again like last time?
That was an accident
because of Park Jungwon.
It won't happen again.
Gosh, seriously?
I should've known
when Yun Bia went into battle mode.
I'll be right back.
If anything happens, contact me.
Got it?
Got it, got it.
The weather's really nice today, isn't it?
But it's cold and cloudy today...
Really?
Why does it feel warm to me today?
Here, have a welcome drink!
Yes, thank you.
Whoa!
Baekho, are you okay?
Oh no...
Baekho, are you hurt?
I'm fine.
Don't misunderstand this cup.
I was just a pure fan
of Mr. Han, just a fan!
It's a welcome drink
for entering Yukyung's heart.
It's okay.
That's so like Yukyung.
Why?
It's nothing.
I'm all right.
Yukyung.
Take this.
Oh my, what is this trash?
Good luck, Manager Han!
Um...
Do you need anything?
By the way,
the contract
mentioned a project.
What is it about?
San, do you want to explain?
Just say we're doing any project.
Manager Han,
you said you use 'ForMe', right?
Yes, I do, but
why do you ask?
- Please come in here.
- Okay.
- Woah.
- Wow.
This is our program room
for developing 'ForMe Version 2'.
Woah.
Manager Han,
can we borrow 'ForMe' for a moment?
Ah.
Sure.
Here you go.
San, can you pair this?
Sure.
'ForMe'.
Log in.
This is 'ForMe Version 2',
soon to be launched by 'It's You'.
Baekho?
No way...
Are you Mina?
Is this the Mina you always
talked to on the phone?
Girlfriend?
We finally meet.
How...
can you look exactly like I imagined?
That's because all your
preferences, tendencies, and data
are stored in me.
Mina!
Baekho!
Mixed reality can't be touched
or captured in photos.
You can only see it with your eyes.
Then how do you see it outside?
Simultaneously with the launch,
these smart lenses will be sold.
So with this, anyone can meet anyone?
Creating a 'ForMe' of a real
person requires a rigorous process.
There's also the deepfake issue.
Instead,
you can create as many ideal types
as you want.
I missed you.
I missed you too, Mina.
That's a shame.
I always wanted to meet Lim Youngwoong.
So is this the project
we're supposed to do?
'ForMe Version 2'?
Well...
Is everyone here?
Shall we go for lunch?
'It's You'r first day,
you should have something nice.
Oh my, time has flown by.
Ah.
How about the new restaurant nearby?
Sounds good!
What do you like?
Anything.
Aren't you going to eat?
This place is famous.
Is this the place you wanted to come to?
Let's eat.
I'm not a big fan of tteokbokki.
Han Sunho doesn't have likes or dislikes.
Just eat the tteokbokki.
"Ahh."
"Ahh..."
What if I don't want to eat tteokbokki?
So, should we just
give up on one agency...
What's that?
What's what?
There was something there.
Gosh, I almost got caught.
Oh my gosh.
Let's head out.
We're leaving already?
Why did we come here if we're not eating?
We have lots to do besides this.
What?
Do you really think
people won't recognize you like that?
Just mind your own business.
Anyway, standing next to me now,
anyone can tell
you're Han Sunho.
Hey.
What's this?
What's what?
Why are you doing this to me?
Just stay put, Han Sunho.
Can you take it easy?
Can you back off a bit?
Why are you doing this to me, seriously?
Why don't you ever listen?
You really don't get it!
You never listen, Han Sunho!
Stop doing this, seriously!
Stop what?
Thanks for the meal, everyone.
Sunho likes meat too.
I wonder if he's eating while working?
What kind of person is Mr. Han?
Mr. Han is quite popular, right?
Of course!
That's why you brought Sunho here.
Absolutely!
Still,
there's a lot we don't
know about Mr. Han...
What's Mr. Han like usually?
I bet it's different from
what people usually see.
On the outside,
he seems cold and stubborn,
but he's actually very kind
and warm-hearted.
He has a surprisingly cute side too.
Sunho has a sleeping habit...
Manager Han!
Are you okay?
But why are you asking?
Where did Mr. Han go
with Director Yun?
Are they attending an official event?
What was Park Jungwon
doing here originally?
Well...
Manager Han,
how was it meeting Mina in person?
Of course...!
It's nice.
What kind of dating style
does Mr. Han have?
I'm really curious, right?
- Sunho is...
- What about you, Baekho?
What's your style, Baekho?
Wow!
What's that?
Should we check it out?
It's really cool.
What's there?
Let's go quickly.
There's something really cool we have to
see together, but Sunho left his phone.
What's there?
Yukyung,
why did you interrupt the flow?
Uh.
I'm sorry.
I did it without realizing...
Let's not let our guard down.
Got it?
Yes.
Let's go!
It seems like they want to find out
something about Mr. Han.
It looks like they're trying to
do something with Sunho.
Those people are really suspicious.
The fact that they used the word
"portrait rights" is also strange.
Those people are weird...
Those people are suspicious...
Do you think they noticed something?
I don't think so yet.
Here,
photos and videos of
Mr. Han collected over three years.
I didn't gather this data for this...
Oh no.
Let's create a prototype of
Mr. Han based on the existing data.
Okay.
Okay...
Han Sunho,
let's go.
Again?
Han Sunho.
How should Mr. Han's dating style be?
I thought it would be
very kind and attentive.
Did Director Yun arrive?
Oh? Jooyeon, you're here early.
Han Sunho,
let's go.
Let's go.
Yes.
Let's go, let's go.
How's the current physique?
Yeah, you have a good build,
since Mr. Han is tall, let's use that...
Why is Han Sunho here so early?
Let's go.
Put this on.
What's this?
How am I supposed to wear this?
Hey, hey!
What is that outfit?
What have you been up to lately?
I have no idea.
Am I working or dating?
What about the company?
Did you find out anything?
Not yet.
It seems like
it's related to 'ForMe Version 2'.
Version 2?
It's the new version
being launched by 'It's You'.
You can even see it with your eyes!
You can see 'ForMe Version 2'?
Yeah, that's why I've been
meeting with Mina every day.
What does she plan to do
with my portrait rights?
Anyway, it's already been a week.
Let's finish the contract and get out.
We need to bring Mina out too.
Try bringing that weird thing home!
You'll be kicked out.
Weird thing?
Watch your words.
Isn't it weird if it's not even a person?
Did you lose your girlfriend
to that weird thing?
What did you just say?
Say that again.
Why, did I say something wrong?
Uh...
It's been a while since you got hit, huh?
Don't come.
Don't do it!
No!
What's today about?
Just a simple interview.
Sunho!
You're not really
dating that woman, right?
Right?
We trust you!
Please let us in!
We'll just look, okay?
Let us in...
You don't have to stop them.
It's crazy, right?
The rumor about Mr. Han's public romance
after his retirement to focus on writing.
Some even say he retired to date.
Seeing you two together officially,
is the rumor true, Mr. Han?
Is that even a question?
Sunho would never do that.
What are you talking about?
Don't make Sunho look bad!
What are you saying?
First, I'd like to sincerely
apologize to the fans.
No.
I'll do the apologizing.
The romance rumor was an article
released unilaterally by 'It's You'.
For your sake.
Were you upset about the romance rumor
between me and Han Sunho?
And were you jealous?
What is she even saying?
Is that even a statement?
This is ridiculous.
If she says...
Now, I'll make it possible for you
to date Han Sunho.
Just like me.
Introducing for the first time to you all,
the first look at 'ForMe Version 2'
from 'It's You'.
And it's...
Han Sunho.
When is 'ForMe Version 2' being released?
When is 'ForMe Version 2' coming out?
Can we see it soon?
Sunho, we love you!
Release the article and
ad for 'ForMe Version 2'.
Yes, understood.
Yes, please upload the article
about Mr. Han and 'ForMe Version 2' now.
The romance article?
Yes, you can take it down now.
You'll be able to experience
the 'ForMe Version 2' demo next week.
Only at 'It's You'.
That article?
You can take it down now.
What does that mean?
The Mina that Mr. Han sees.
What about Mina?
It's what weeting Mr. Han
like that is to everyone.
What?
Is this the project you're doing
using my portrait rights?
Are you kidding me?
Did you think I paid all that money
just to have meals
and chat with you?
I absolutely won't allow it,
so cancel the contract if you want.
Fine.
Then get ready to pay the penalty.
Are you threatening me right now?
I paid a fair price for the rights.
You signed the contract.
Do I really have to keep explaining
this obvious thing?
Even in a world full of fakes,
this is the lowest quality fake I've seen.
Fake?
You people who are
broken up might need it.
An eternal love with no expiration date.
If you put in that many preservatives,
of course, it won't expire.
But it's harmful to the body.
Why don't you try it?
It's very good for mental health.
I don't know why it came to this,
but are you scared of
forming relationships?
All that one-hour stuff is just an excuse.
What did you say?
You're actually afraid of getting hurt,
right?
Scared in advance.
What do you know about me?
Hiding behind a convincingly made-up front,
pretending not to be lonely.
Isn't that right?
What's this?
What's happening?
Facility Team here.
What's the issue?
The elevator is stuck here.
What?
I'll be there quickly.
Please wait a moment.
Doesn't your perfect AI boyfriend come to
the rescue at times like this?
What's going on? What's wrong?
Hey!
Isn't there anyone outside?
Isn't there anyone?
Once.
It must have been a coincidence.
Yun Bia, snap out of it.
Look at me!
Yun Bia!
Me!
Are you okay?
Twice.
Maybe...
this isn't just a coincidence.
Maybe I can...
trust my fate with this man.
Even if it's a foolish hope.
Bia!
[Department of Mental Health]
The test results didn't show
much improvement,
and again, you realized
it was an hour later?
Again?
Yes.
At first, I thought it was a coincidence
when I collapsed after an hour,
but this time,
I didn't lose consciousness.
Was there anything in common
in both situations?
I was with the same person.
Yun Bia.
Why didn't you tell me?
It's foolish to rely on coincidences.
Is that all I am to you?
Less than the company, no,
less than Han Sunho?
Hey, what are you saying...
It's not that...
Staying cooped up at home,
unable to meet anyone,
1 minute, 2 minutes, 10 minutes, 1 hour.
We worked together to get this far.
I just want you to be happy.
I don't want you to struggle.
I know...
That's why I'm always grateful to you.
We agreed...
to live without secrets,
relying on each other like that, right?
Yeah, that's right.
Then why didn't you tell me?
Are you not relying on me anymore?
What are you talking about?
You're all I have.
I won't hide anything from you again.
I won't make you worry.
Alright.
Just go home for now.
Rest and we'll talk tomorrow.
Please don't be mad, okay?
[It's said that CEO Yun Bia
always wears a timer]
[There’s also a theory that
she collapses after an hour]
[I wish I could disappear
every hour at work too...]
[I can't stand overtime every day]
[Disappearing every hour might even
be a high-level marketing strategy]
[Seriously, where does
she go after an hour?]
[Someone I know also gets
anxious at certain times...]
[Maybe the CEO of 'It's You'
has panic attack symptoms too]
[An ill-advised person.
An hour of her. Panic symptoms]
[Fell down?
One hour. Timer... Secret?]
[Why in front of me?
Twice?]
Doesn't anyone know there's
something wrong with Director Yun?
What's all this?
I'll find a lawyer right away,
don't worry.
This is clearly a fraudulent contract.
Both Jiyoung and I packed up and left.
What about your AI girlfriend?
What?
You said you'd bring her out.
Oh, right.
Mina!
I'll come get you!
What do you know about me?
Hiding behind a convincingly made-up front,
pretending not to be lonely.
Isn't it?
I was with someone like that.
Do you feel any psychological comfort
with that person?
Not at all.
With just two times,
it's hard to hastily judge that
the symptoms have improved.
It's better not to have
too high expectations.
Yes, this is Yun Bia.
Director, there's a big problem!
You should come to the office right away.
After Han's news, simultaneous user surge
and it seems the server is overloaded.
If it's just an overload issue,
that's a relief.
Can you restore the server by morning?
Yes.
But more than that...
What?
Is there another problem?
Director!
What's going on with the company?
There's a problem with the server.
The server?
So what's the biggest issue right now?
It seems someone tried to
breach our firewall.
Is it from a competitor?
What about the data for 'ForMe Version 2'?
Is Mr. Han's prototype okay?
The Version 2 prototype...
has been completely reset.
Everything?
Yes, probably.
Yun Bia, where are you going?
Why did I say that?
The customer is not answering the phone.
After the beep,
you'll be connected to voicemail.
Who are you?
Excuse me, Yun Bia?
You didn't faint again, did you?
Bia, are you here?
I'm sorry.
I'm a colleague of Yun Bia's from work.
The door was open.
It's okay, come in.
Sorry for dropping by unannounced.
I was worried about Yun Bia.
Han Sunho?
Sunae?
Aunt Sunae?